Tony Kaizen:
Tell that bitch to be quiet! Good morning, good afternoon or
good evening, depending on where you are
in the world at the moment and what time are you listening
to this transmission. Here in the U.S. right now, it's about
8 o'clock in the morning, Friday, August 13th, 2021.
Now, it's Friday right now but you'd be listening to this
most likely on Monday morning. So good morning to you. Or
afternoon or evening, like I said, I don't know what time it
is where you are, but it's probably Monday because this
episode comes out on Monday, you know what I'm saying? But
anyway, happy to be here with you enjoying my morning cup of
coffee. I don't know if I said this already, but this is
Coffee with Kaizen episode two and you can check this out on
YouTube if you want, youtube.com/lifeinenglish , alright?
So, let's get into today's episode. Now, if you don't know
who Jocko Willink is, you definitely need to. He's a former
US Navy SEAL and now he is an author, a podcaster, a
businessman and an all around badass. And one thing that
Jocko preaches a lot and teaches a lot is this idea, this
philosophy or this concept that he has called extreme
ownership, which essentially is taking responsibility and
having accountability for who you are and everything that
you do, everything that goes wrong, you know, taking
responsibility for all that for yourself and for your life.
Now, having fought in wars and trained many men to do the
same thing over the years, I think it's safe to say that
Jocko has had to overcome many different battles, both
internal and external. But the battle that we're talking
about today is the battle between you and yourself, the
internal battle, the battle between who you are and who you
could be. So let's take a quick minute to hear what Jocko
has to say about it.
Jocko Willink:
Shut that down. Do not listen to that little voice.
Instead, go through the motions, lift the weights, sprint
the hill, work on the project, get out of
bed. But don't take today off.
Not today. Wait until tomorrow. Don't.
Don't give in to the immediate gratification that is
whispering in your ear.
Don't really wanna get up and get out of bed? Yeah.
I'd get up and get out of bed.
Tony Kaizen:
Alright. Jacko is referring to that little bitch that we all
have inside of us. And when I use the word "bitch", I'm not
talking about the ladies, not talking about women, females,
girls, none of that, alright? Because I'm sure you know or
hope you know, that the word "bitch" is used in most cases
or in some cases as a derogatory term for women. But you can
use that word many different ways, there's multiple meanings
just depending on the context. So in this context, when I
say "bitch", the meaning of that word is more like weak
little coward. That's the way you can think of it. And in
this context, it's used more with men than it is with women.
So if you call a man a "bitch", you're essentially calling
him a weak little coward. He's scared. He's a punk, he's a
coward, he's a bitch. You know what I'm saying? So that's
the meaning in this context, just so that's clear for the
rest of this episode. So, really what Jacko was talking
about is that little bitch that we all have inside of us,
that little us in the back of our minds, somewhere in our
soul or in our hearts, wherever it is that just is afraid of
who you could be. You know what I'm saying? It's afraid of
change. It's afraid of hard work. It's afraid of sacrifice.
It's afraid of the pain that one must go through to become a
better version of oneself, you know? So you always hear that
little voice saying, "I'm not good enough." "I could never
do that." "I'm not ready." "No, don't go over there." "Don't
do that." "I'm too weak." "She doesn't like me." "He doesn't
pay attention to me." "I could never this, I could never
that." "Oh, you just woke up this morning? Hit the snooze
button. Yeah?
It's only 5 minutes. It's only 8 minutes. Hit the snooze
button one more time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're not good
enough to conquer the day anyway. We're not good enough to
do good at work. Not good enough to get a promotion, start a
business, study, be a better person.
Nah. Let's just stay in bed, hit the snooze button. Even
better. What's on Netflix? Grab your phone. Yeah. Get on
TikTok, get on Instagram. Yeah. Hmmm, that bed feels good,
doesn't it? Yeah. Let's just stay here all day and do
nothing with our lives. Yeah. Yeah, it feels good. It feels
good." That's the little bitch that's inside your head,
trying to keep you from where you need to be. Because you
know where you need to be, you know what I'm saying? Most
people that say they don't know what they want to do, they
actually do. A lot of people know what they want. They just
don't know how to get it. And I think there's a difference
between those two things. So a lot of times when you get
stuck in this position where you have an idea of what you
want, or maybe you're crystal clear about what it is you
want, but you have no earthly idea how you're gonna get it.
A lot of times --myself included, this has happened to me--
that little bitch in your head convinces you to just sit
there and do nothing. There's nothing you can do. "I...I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know what to do." That's
not you talking, that's the little bitch. So when I say,
"Tell that bitch to be quiet.", that's exactly what I'm
talking about. First thing in the morning, you hear that
voice telling you, "Oh, let's just stay in bed. Yeah, let's
be lazy. Let's skip work. Let's skip the gym today. I worked
out yesterday. Yeah, let's skip study today. I studied
yesterday. I can do it tomorrow. No big deal. Yeah, it's all
good, right?" I'm telling you to tell that bitch to be quiet
because you got things to do. You got a whole lot of things
to do. For example, become fluent in English, right? For
example, become a better version of yourself. And that's
going to take work. That's going to take sweat, tears, pain,
you know, discomfort, awkwardness, all of that. And you
can't have no little bitch inside you telling you that
you're not good enough, that you can't do it, that you're
not ready, that you don't know this, that and third, you
can't have that going on... all that bullshit in your ear
every single day. Because eventually, the crazy thing about
it is you start to believe it, you start listening to that
voice -if you never tell it to shut the fuck up. It'll just
get louder and louder and louder and louder until it's all
you can hear. And then all you are is this walking bag of
self-doubt. You don't believe in yourself and nobody else
believes in you. Or even if somebody else does believe in
you, you don't believe in yourself because the inner bitch
has conquered you. So as soon as you notice it, maybe you
never noticed it before. Maybe you thought that was you. The
next time you notice it, you wake up tomorrow morning,
whatever it is and you hear that little bitch just..."Yeah,
we're not good enough." "We can't do it." "We're not smart
enough." "No, we don't feel good. Let's try tomorrow or the
next day. Or tomorrow." Tell that bitch to be quiet.
Peace.